to me the new 12-inch MacBook was the
rumored ipad pro in a sense it is
actually a new device category it's an
ipad with a keyboard that's why it only
has one put and one headphone jack
exactly as the ipad and because of that
because it has a keyboard and it runs on
OS 10 OS x and is a Mac this is the pro
version of the ipad really it's very
very thin it is very light almost as
light as an ipad and it's very fast and
it has a total perfectly integration
with iOS so this device is actually what
everyone has been waiting for that has
waiting for the ipad pro the 12 inch
macbook is that device it's actually no
different from the room was more than it
runs on OS X instead of iOS and is that
really something bad yes I really love
their iOS apps and especially all the
ipad apps but those 10 apps mac gaps is
even more professional so you can choose
from a lot more professional apps for
this ipad pro the 12 inch macbook and
you can do even more advanced video
editing and music creation and so on on
this device the 12 inch macbook then you
can do on the ipad air 2 for example
that i use for video editing and music
making and when it comes to price them i
mean this is not an expensive device if
you compare it to the ipad add to this
device can do so much more it has a
keyboard it runs OS 10 and it's very
powerful like an intel core i5 or i 3
processor depending on which model you
choose and you can do a lot more with it
with all the professional apps and so on
and the ipad air 2 together with on
nice keyboard cover case cost us much so
the price is not bad at all it's kind of
great price for what you get I've seen
so many complaining about the price that
you can get a windows laptop much
cheaper and soul but one who wants a
windows laptop seriously they are
terrible terrible design terrible build
quality and terrible user experience
this is a mac and the build quality is
top notch so you can't compare it to a
cheap windows laptop and not even a
Chromebook because Chromebook is so
limited you can't do anything on a
Chromebook seriously so you can compare
it to a windows laptop or a chrome this
is a powerful device even more powerful
than ipad air 2 that I use as my main
computer seriously this can do even more
and it decent more expensive if you
compare it to the Opera to with a
keyboard case because this has a
keyboard built into the device you have
to compare it to an ipad with a keyboard
case so this is a really nice device to
stop complaining about it and personally
I'm interested in doing an experiment
with a new 12-inch MacBook compare it to
my experience with the iPad as my main
computer living in the post-pc era and
so on so maybe we'll do an experiment
and try to see if this device is better
for me than using an iPad as my main
computer but I will wait for the second
generation of the 12-inch MacBook
probably because I want to buy the
larger iPhone before that and I will
wait for the iphone 6s plus before i buy
the larger iphone i have the iphone 6 at
the moment and i will try the larger
iphone to see if i can use it more like
an iPad so we can replace my iPad
to with most of the features and then
later on by the second generation of the
12 mins macbook for using for video
editing music creation and so it will be
very exciting ok that was some of my
thoughts about the 12-inch my book by